This BoF aims to bring together contributors, system administrators,
architects, and developers using or interested in the OpenHPC community project
(http://openhpc.community). Today, many sites spend considerable effort
aggregating a large suite of open-source projects on top of their chosen base
Linux distribution in order to provide a capable HPC environment for their
users. They also frequently leverage a mix of external and in-house tools to
perform provisioning, configuration management, software upgrades, and system
diagnostics. Although the functionality is similar, the implementations across
sites are often different which leads to duplication of effort.  To help
address this duplication, OpenHPC was formed with the motivation to more
efficiently build, test, deliver and configure integrated HPC software
components and tools.

Launched initially in November 2015, and formalized as a collaborative Linux
Foundation project in June 2016, OpenHPC is currently comprised of over 25
members from academia, research labs, and industry. To date, the OpenHPC
software stack aggregates over 60 components ranging from administrative tools
like bare-metal provisioning and resource management to end-user development
libraries that span a range of scientific/numerical uses. OpenHPC adopts a
familiar package repository delivery model and the BoF will begin with
technical presentations from members of the newly formed OpenHPC Technical
Steering Committee highlighting current status, major tenets of the effort, and
near-term roadmaps. Open discussion will follow after the presentations and
this BoF will provide an opportunity for attendees to interact with members of
the OpenHPC Technical Steering Committee and other OpenHPC members to provide
feedback on current conventions, ongoing packaging efforts, request additional
desired components and configurations, and discuss general future trends.

This BoF proposal is a follow-on to two previously successful OpenHPC-related
BoFs at SC'15 and ISC'16. Both of these BoFs were well attended with the
meeting spaces at or near capacity (estimate >150 attendees at SC'15 BoF and
~70 attendees at ISC'16 BoF).

